---
title: 4-266
description: "Damn. This place smells."
date: 2023-09-21T21:41:37.135Z
author: Matthew Soza
category: Something Nasty
---
<script context="module">
  import image from '../../assets/articles/4-266/BathroomClean.png'

  metadata.coverImage = image
</script>

My father is a construction worker, and growing up, every beating hot summer in Arizona, I would work alongside him and we would earn our keep. Though Dad's a drywall contractor by trade, the work wasn't always drywall. He had experience in wiring electrical, adding doors or windows to a house, installing toilets, and most other house construction skills that go into building a home. As one can imagine, this makes quite a mess. Paint chips lie the floor as they try to make a canvas of the world. Drywall dust fills the air, reinforcing a home in one's lungs. Splintered tile makes modern art of a living room floor. The smell of this is all one of pure nostalgia.

The summer I turned 12 I was helping my Dad clean up a jobsite without a dumpster. Luckily, the second best thing wasn't too far away: the county dump. I'd never been to the county dump before this, and was excited to go. We were waived through quickly at the front after having our vehicle weighed.

We made it to the center of the lot, surrounded by piles of trash bags, wood, concrete, decomposing leaves and grass, flies, toilets. Think of any object you can, cover it in poop, and you understand what things looked like at the dump. My dad had been through this before and got out quickly. I followed suit, leaning my body sideways to push the truck's heavy door out. The moment I swung my tiny legs to get down from the truck, my nostrils were assaulted. A putrid smell, not quite sharp and disgusting, but inescapable and liquid. I looked around and it suddenly seemed that every pile of trash was covered in a light, green slime who's origins I could not explain to you. My nose shriveled and recoiled, and I gulped down the last breath of fresh air I would have for a while.

It took about three trips total to dump all the garbage we had at the house, and though we left the dump, it feels that the smell may never leave me.
----------
Today, I visited bathroom 4-266, and I was met with a nostalgia I hoped to never relive. I opened the door, was violated, and knew I had to close my mouth to get through this bathroom. I charged in quickly, feeling the noxious gas press against my senses, but holding strong. I can't tell you much about this place: The room is spacious, I like that the urinals are social, and I like the massive windows so that you can look down into Killian Court while your pecker is out. Besides that though, I don't recommend staying in this restroom for long. 

Sorry I got no pictures. It was too smelly for me to spend any more time in there.

VERDICT: 2/5 - Wipe your ass before leaving people and I might give it a higher score