---
title: 7-107
description: "The Hottest Spot on Campus!"
author: "Matthew Soza"
date: 2023-11-29T03:34:34.825Z
category: Review
---
<script context="module">
  import coverImage from '../../assets/articles/7-107/cover.jpg'

  metadata.coverImage = coverImage
</script>

<style>
  figure {
    margin-bottom: 3ch;
  }

  p {
    font-family: "miller-display", serif;
    font-weight: 300;
    font-size: 21px;

    line-height: 1.5em;
    margin-bottom: 1em;
  }
  
  p:last-child {
    margin-bottom: 4ch;
  }

  figcaption {
    text-align: center;
  }
</style>

HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAH. What the fuck?

In no uncertain terms, you need to know that this restroom is the hottest spot on campus. When I went on Thanksgiving day, the door was propped open with a doorstop and, as far as I can tell, this room is the only source of heat needed to heat all of lobby 7. I believe the devil brings desert animals here when hell isn’t hot enough for them. I think that the sun is jealous of this room. I think that you could cook an egg on the floor of this room. I think my ass has a burn the shape of the toilet seat on it. 

Luckily for me, I’m from Phoenix, Arizona, and I wasn’t too bothered by a taste of home. I wasn’t bothered by the fact that the window was completely open and it was still 100 degrees in the restroom when it was 30 degrees outside. Nor was I bothered by the fact that the counter-top was hot to the touch right next to the radiator, or that if you happen to graze the radiator, I bet third degree burns would not be out of the question.

A cop walked in and took a fat piss in the urinal. He did not wash his hands before leaving the restroom.

A tall man walked into a stall. He was so tall, he towered over the stall walls, and was given the opportunity to peer into neighboring stalls, or maintain eye contact with people washing their hands. This turned me on.

When I went to take pictures, I used the doorstop to instead keep the door closed from the inside. This mostly worked, keeping the door from opening completely when someone tried to use the restroom. Unfortunately, it moved the doorstop so that if someone tried again, it would not be hard to get in. I did like that this method worked at least once.

I like this restroom, but I would be lying if I said it had any mass-market appeal. 2/5.